# Socratic dialog and Personas

A humble knight, a lonely girl... You have nice and descriptive names for yourself already, very humble and so vulnerable. What about your friends than? How many ways can you say foreigner in fantasy land speak? Who says I need to? More honestly, this language is not the most appropriate for this goal, but it is cool. Storybook, right? It is a lofty goal to not sound xenophobic while leaning on fantasy tropes for this. Read up or talk about this stuff somewhere, right? Images of myself call up such vivid pictures, both of them raced. This is a raced issue. And these personas will make good RPG characters once they are done. We just need an eclectic enough universe to contain all of them. "The west" is eclectic enough for this with all the myth building that is going on. I have characters that I haven't worked on in years in a different folder. I want to learn how to do AI art to illustrate these concepts.

Also, [The Eye.md](<The Eye.md> "mention"), a page for this wonderful voice in my head that worries about optics and is going crazy without quality human time. All these stories are about abandonment(just like the podcast I listen to. I want to find more podcasts that can help refine this concept in my mind and see if I can apply it on a smaller scale or more to my situation.) to a different degree, but the story most about it belongs to a student I feel the guiltiest about (guilt is a bad motivator, so I want to get rid of it). The student who was abandoned by several institutions in his university life, but still continued working in unorthodox ways that I fucking hope gave him a passing grade. I need to ask Ingrid to help me write an apology letter that is "normal" and not as me. His persona can be called [Dandelion.md](Dandelion.md "mention"). I am a humble knight who wants to better and protect the people of this world, with a lot riding on her shoulders and nobody there, not to talk to, nor to help - but to judge unworthy. Atlas is a bad name, but I want to investigate why for self-help reasons. I would call it [Knight.md](Knight.md "mention")perhaps. And split the fear of [Judgement.md](Judgement.md "mention") off into a separate thing. For Tuan, he needs a persona too. I want to talk to him about it. Long distance, travel, time, work. [The Clock.md](<The Clock.md> "mention") Sometimes, I've been in those positions, you're just not likable enough to get a slice of work good enough to pass. Andrei and Paakow were the kind of people. who were not taking this stuff seriously enough. [Last to the table.md](<Last to the table.md> "mention") is a title that is not all one word.

\#personas
