---
tags:
  - plan
---

# 06-Sep-2023

Today there are two events: the first stakeholder meeting and the knowledge sharing session

## To-do lists

I have two documents, meetings and additional work I need to take care and track of. Thus I create and split my general to-do list into three parts: competence document, project plan and research.

### Competence document

* [ ] Write about IT interests for the context

### Project Plan

* [ ] Begin on it. Ask coworkers what they are doing
* [ ] Find out what the research approach table should look like

For the project plan: there are five subheadings, let's see what can be filled in:

* Context and background
* Current situation / problem analysis For the upper two things can be copied and rewritten from the proposal
* Expectations, Goals & possible result This I already know but need to consult Marc on
* Research questions (+/- 5) Also something for Friday or week 2
* Research approach table Later weeks problem

### Research and misc

* [ ] Prepare for today's events
* [ ] Create a plan for interviews
* [ ] Narrow down additional objectives
* [ ] Find the centralised and publishable repository&#x20;
* [ ] Write down some methods that are missing from knowledge [todolist-for-later.md](todolist-for-later.md "mention")
* [ ] Pay for the bol order
* [ ] Check bank account
* [ ] Write down thoughts in a separate doc

### Research in initiation phase

I copied down some things from the PowerPoint

* Investigate the situation more thorough;
* Verify the problem, question, the “WHY” ;
* Involve more (all!) stakeholders;
* Dig deeper.. turn every stone;
* Immediately create research/source documentation!

## Today's thoughts

### Questions

There are some questions I need to answer before formulating real research questions

#### What is my audience, primary beneficiaries?

The primary beneficiaries of my project are students who would otherwise not pass the semester. Students who don't know who to turn for help to, those who tried helping or asking for help and ended up worse of or not substantially better.

#### What are my goals and hopes for the project

I want to increase the number of students who pass and their overall happiness. I also hope that these students could benefit from a website or a game. They can benefit from a mini-game that helps take your mind off things.

#### Why do students fail?

What are the reasons that students fail semesters? What kinds of failure are there? What is the scale on which they belong? How can we define failure better?

#### What should a student who lacks knowledge do?

What kinds of ignorance and lack exist and matter to us?

### Previous team takeaways

Custom rewards are nice because people like to feel appreciated. A way to assemble a token would be nice. Part of that project was to help people orient at TQ. For me maps would be nice, but they are probably out of scope.

### Research tasks in more detail

#### Who are my stakeholders?

Marc is, once I talk to him I will have involved all stakeholders

#### Why is this a problem worth solving?

I want people to succeed at Fontys, graduate and get well-paid jobs they want/need.

#### Why does this problem exist?

I believe that the reasons this problem exists are: the total isolation of people facilitated by capitalism, the promise of class mobility that is promised by Fontys, Fontys's goal to fail students to give people who pass value and collect money, unclear communication, the course load being too much when you are already dealing with problems.

#### I need to formulate questions before I verify them

#### Narrow down the class I want to experiment on

This deserves its own document: \[\[Test subjects]]

## People

Davis, sound and PE teachers, communication and data for united students. Family in Den Haag, Caribbean
