---
tags:
  - plan
Phase: Planning
---
Today there is Lunch. I talked to some people. I also uncovered two or three ways I could dig deeper into.
# To-do lists
I have two documents, meetings and additional work I need to take care and track of. Thus I create and split my general to-do list into three parts: competence document, project plan and research. 

The great news is that now I have a [[Workflow]]
## Competence document

## Project Plan
Today I transferred my plan to Obsidian and worked on it. Right now it is incomprehensible and incoherent. Quite unfocused. I would be embaressed to share it, but it has some sense in it if I could remove everything else. It is good to keep yourself distracted sometimes and just write and sketch.
## Research
- [x] Read up on Personas
* [ ] Create a plan for interviews
For my research I read an article on Personas today and worked on the main [[Personas/README]] document, came up with some questions that I need to ask real people now. I want to decide on whether I want rigid structure or informal conversations. Today I sketched out ideas about some processes and patterns of failure. It's a bad kind of brainstorm that allows me to show my ignorance and destroys any semblance of eloquence I have. This is the problem! I am feeling stupid and ignorant so I am falling back on bottled phrases and patters, regurgitating back the business and value speak. I don't feel confident that I have any own things of value to share, how could I speak when I have nothing to share but some phrases I learnt and my overall emptiness. So I should really talk to people, get to the root of the problem and go from there. Starting from the beginning is the hardest part.
I could have daily goals for this segment which would be nice, some recurring ones.
## Research in initiation phase
I copied down some things from the PowerPoint
- Investigate the situation more thoroughly;
- Verify the problem, question, the “WHY” ;
- Involve more (all!) stakeholders;
- Dig deeper.. turn every stone;
- Immediately create research/source documentation!
# Today's thoughts
Today I am working on the Personas and Project Plan.
- is trying to complete some tasks;
- is achieving their goals;
- is solving their problems;
- is interacting with your product or service.

I made a drawing that illustrates the stories I wrote, wrote some context for the project plan.
# People

Davis, sound and PE teachers, communication and data for united students. Family in Den Haag, Caribbean 