---
tags:
  - plan
Phase: Planning
---
Today there is my meeting with Senne. I want to show her the things I worked on, such as my Personas draft, my project plan draft and my competence document draft. Today I remembered that I also have my Canvas courses to manage! So that is another thing to manage. I shall find out what the right time for finishing deliverables into feedback-able state is like
# To-do lists
I have two documents, meetings and additional work I need to take care and track of. Thus I create and split my general to-do list into three parts: competence document, project plan and research.
## Competence document
For now, the competence document looks good
- [x] upload to Canvas
## Project Plan
- [x] reread
- [x] download and read template
- [ ] spend 30 minutes rewriting
- [ ] spend 30 minutes adding stuff
- [ ] deal with shame
- [ ] upload
## Research
- [ ] reread the Personas files
- [ ] spend 30 minutes restructuring
- [ ] spend 30 minutes adding stuff
- [ ] deal with shame
- [ ] upload
## Canvas

## Misc
- [ ] write to HR about contract
- [ ] suggest fun activities
## Research in initiation phase
I copied down some things from the PowerPoint
- Investigate the situation more thorough;
- Verify the problem, question, the “WHY” ;
- Involve more (all!) stakeholders;
- Dig deeper.. turn every stone;
- Immediately create research/source documentation!
# Today's thoughts
It's not shame! It's dread that I am feeling
# People

Davis, sound and PE teachers, communication and data for united students. Family in Den Haag, Caribbean 